Fix for #870 (#1311)
MicrosoftDocs/Virtualization-Documentation: virtualization/hyper-v-on-windows/reference/hyper-v-requirements.md

## Verify Hardware Compatibility

> Apart from above mentioned OS and Hardware requirements to verify compatibility, open up PowerShell or a command prompt (cmd.exe) and type **systeminfo**. If all listed Hyper-V requirements have a value of **Yes**, your system can run the Hyper-V role. If any item returns **No**, check the requirements listed in this document and make adjustments where possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After checking the operating system and hardware requirements above, verify compatibility hardware compatibility in Windows by opening a PowerShell session or a command prompt (cmd.exe) window, typing **systeminfo**, and then checking the Hyper-V Requirements section. If all listed Hyper-V requirements have a value of **Yes**, your system can run the Hyper-V role. If any item returns **No**, check the requirements listed in this document and make adjustments where possible.
```

Author: Thanks . `verify compatibility hardware compatibility` came up twice so I fixed that and pushed the same change
